and i was told and begged to do the
summer jam i was begged
to come to hot 97 because i had a hot
new
record that nobody wanted to support
except for the streets
and um and and it was told to come there
and save angie martinez's job and i was
told to come there
and help the ratings at 97 bob flex you
know
and the rest of the crew over there but
um i'm here to let my people know
you know i'm saying all my hip-hop
community people know that i was
dissed this morning by hot 97 and told
that what i couldn't do on the show
which is really
is is really outrageous it really shows
that the wrong people are in power
you know his hip hop thing comes from
the streets we need our freedom if y'all
if y'all ain't gonna go for this fight
for y'all freedom y'all gonna be like
them sucker artists that just go up to
the radio station and kiss ass just to
get
some air time or just suck flex and suck
clue in them
trying to get on their best side so they
can play your record come on man take
hip hop
back into your own hands man throw a
party in the streets for free
you know make it safe man hire the
nation of islam or somebody to protect
it
it's time that we take it back into our
hands because when it's being held in
bondage and slavery is really a big
smack in the face to hip-hop and all the
people who love it man
you know what i'm saying you want to
tell nas me myself what i cannot do
on a summer jam stage when it's been
done the same
acts have been done four or five years
in a row four or five years in a row and
last year it happened to be
the this was toward me by jake and he
was all high almighty
right then i dropped to eat the napalm
bomb and their whole crew was running
like roaches
and now you got this station over there
crying because he lost
unanimous decision he lost and um
they played his records like he was dead
like it was a jay-z memorial
you know not saying he was don't get me
wrong y'all not wishing that on any man
and that's my brother but i'm saying
you're just looking for a play a fair
part
and and it's really out of hand y'all
i'm not going for it
it's not going to happen it is this is a
perfect opportunity you have the
alternative
to choose any radio station you want to
choose and power 105
plays everything old school new school
if you want to listen
pimp juice mike saunders pimp juice yeah
big up to my man mike right here
let me come up here big up to my man
donny einer everybody at columbia
records who's
totally behind my back david bell grave
uh everybody though he's behind you now
is the streets
behind you because you know what after
this you probably ain't gonna hear
none of your records over there but it's
okay you know why we have over 1200
stations
and we're gonna hold you down i know
coke's gonna make a few calls
mike's gonna make a few more calls yeah
i'm a two-way a few cats
because we definitely appreciate this
this is what it's all about this is real
hip-hop y'all
yeah this is not synthetic hip-hop this
is not synthetic i have my freedom of
speech imma say what i want i'm not
worried about a record
of it i turn on that station i hear
people with rappers on there
talking about their record sales and i
mean that's played their rims on a truck
i mean what does that have to do with
our community what does that have to do
with anything real let the rappers talk
about it on their records
i want to hear about rims on a truck i
don't want to hear the radio disc jockey
making records that's terrible
i want to hear true hip hop music
no for real man i mean you know this is
real man i mean
you guys gotta realize i ate it they had
a takeover show and that was the song
ladies and gentlemen
the whack record j had trying to come at
me they named the whole show
on that station to take over and i ate
that they don't worry about my feelings
they worry about my feelings when he
made a record
this and my daughter's mother with
derogatory things about women
just yeah jay just making records about
how much he hates women which is really
makes me curious you know what i'm
saying and i'm sitting here and they
just support that
and support everything he does but when
nas god son answers him back
they team up with the evil sees a whole
evil
empire funded by a bunch of other evil
empires def jam one of them
that's giving them money to play all
their artists records meanwhile the
struggling artists
have to try to recreate records that
sound like jay and they destroying
itself they don't
if you listen to 90 of the rappers they
don't even they're not even creative
pick up a stillmatic album listen to the
song rewind
listen to the song what goes around
comes around you know what i'm saying
listen
to the one mighty listen to one mic my
people you know what i'm saying let's
get real and be creative i buy
these people albums you know what i'm
saying and ain't talking about nothing
from cam to everybody i mean i like him
and everything he's a good listener
but the album's whack man you know what
i'm saying y'all brother's got to start
rapping about something that's real man
you know what i'm saying my man i love
you nori step your rap game up man
i'm tired of nelly you trying to battle
krs one
don't follow nas man you can follow
knives if you're gonna be creative man
god sonny yo my next album coming out to
school
a lot of rappers on how to be a man
because these brothers got
they think they look flexing them
dictate what's supposed to be hot that's
why
i'm here to let y'all know why i'm not
at summer gym i ain't no
sucker man i'm right here i'm made for
queen let's get
the round of applause
this is all about people knowing that i
did not
diss my fans there at hot 97 i was told
this morning
what i could not do and that's why
you're not and that's why i'm here
i'm not going to close the show they
begged me to be the headliner because
jay is mad at them he got a fit with
them
a little emotional attitude so they're
trying to come over
they begged me not to go to wendy's
station because wendy was slaughtering
angie martinez
you know what i'm saying it was like
please don't go there she's about to get
when uh angie's not about to have a job
so i'm not don't don't confuse me into
the wendy williams angie beep i make rap
records they got me in the middle of
that to boost up their ratings and then
treat me like a crab today
which is not surprising which why i feel
there's a reason why
part of me feels good for not showing up
when they told me what i could not do
and that i could take it or leave it at
work and just total treating me with
total disrespect
you feel what i'm saying so that's why
i'm here let my people know
it's time to be real y'all stop being
make your own outlets man listen to 105
make mistakes listen to k slay listen go
get hip hop
without without um dealing with that
station over there man there it is yo
or you can get yourself up now get it
get real get some balls man you rappers
get some balls man
rappers are slaves